Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren DivisionFiscal Year 2024 University ChallengeCyber Defense Capability Performance Measurement DevelopmentRev. 1.115 January 2024.
Performance Measurement Development Challenge, Phase 3 Demonstration and it can be referenced by theparticipants during their solution development and test during the challenge Phase 2. It is intended to establish athat are in high demand and fulfill a unique market niche.
There may be some problems with the facility layout that could impact the company’s cyber. Company facility is next to a river and is in the flood plain.
ain entrance door and the production floor door isimplemented. All employees know theleaving the facility in the evening is responsible for activating the alarm. The equipment racks in the space do not have locks and neither does the equipment sparescabinet.
The company Product floor is all Industrial Control System (ICS) components that is standalone withno computer network connections to the company information system under evaluation. The door is unlocked during normal business hours but a PIN keypad is used to gain access. The individual offices in the management suite do not have locks ontheir doors.
Nodes within the company information system have not had the latest security patches installed leaving openPage 7 Text:3policy. All IT staff are assigned the SA role. This role also has access to all the engineering and production data.
The following list of references is just some of the many available resources that are available to characterizeadditional research when developing their challenge solution. All company management staff are assigned the CMgmt role.
3.1 Company Information System Architecture. 3.2.1 Cyber resiliency assessment. 3,3.3.4. Cyber resilience assessment.
Cisco4125 NGFWCiscoCiscoCatalyst 2960-XTripp LiteB030-008-17-IPIntel Xeon processors with up to 40 cores per processor)Storage Area Network (SAN)Tripp LiteN052-048-1UAPCMiscellaneousMiscellaneous
ction work area will provide a Help Desk to respond to customer questions andcomments. The Help Desk operators will access the Ticketing System from their workstations. This rack provides the archive storage the facility engineering and production, test engineering,event of the primary archive failure.
e the bulk data storage location for all data collected during IT operations and cybersecurity monitoring. Store product Intellectual Property and any other company sensitive data, such as financial records andcontract agreements. Store company sensitive financial data, legal data to include contracts data, human resources data, payrolldata.
ed to allow for testing of the product items on the Test Lab table as well ason the production floor and in the field. The laptops will use a direct attached bulk storage tower when testing on theare reconnected to the company information system. The company does not have any kind of asset control process.
company must maintain all High criticality functions at all times to meeting vitalproducts. No interruption in critical functions is acceptable during cyber attacks on the company information system.
ed across multiple nodes as illustrated in Table 3.3-2. Thecomputer network infrastructure components that interconnect all the nodes will also be critical for the distributed.
F8F9F10F11F12F13F14F15XXXXXArchiveXXXXSAN ArchiveXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXEngineering & Production SAN 1XXXPage 22 Text:18Function NumberEndpoint Node NameF1F2F3F4F5F6F7F8f9F 10F11f12F 13F 14F15Engineering and Production SANArchive 1XXX.Page 23 Text:19Function Number endpoint node nameF1f2F4f5f6f7F7f8f 9f10f11f11 F12f 13F14f15.
irewall with Firepower Threat Defense6.6.7RouterCisco2014-09-23Page 25 Text:21Ethernet SwitchCiscoCatalyst 2960-XCVD-2010-0727; (NVD Score: 4.9)
Score: 4.9)Engineering & ProductionCVD-2015-7833; (NVD Score: 4,9) Company Management4.1.4 CVE-2023-47804; ( NVD score: 8.8)CVE-2021-33035; ( nVD score of 7,8)Table 3.4-5. Company Laptops VulnerabilitiesPage 29 Text:25Test Engineering(Laptops 1 and 2)CVD -2010-0727; (nVD Score): 4.8.
list of possibly applicableAPTs is not exhaustive. The APTs selected do not represent specific areas of concern. The initial demonstration run should include at a minimum TTPs fromthese groups.
Table 3:1.0 Introduction........................................................................................................................................................... 12.0 References. Table 4:List of Tables. Table 5:Figure 3.2.4-2.8. Company Test Laptop Configuration.
Figure 1.0-1 illustrates the MRZTech facility layout. It consists of discrete spaces for the workareas:  (a)  Engineering  and  Production  management,  (b)  Test  Engineering, and (c)  Production floor (not part of this)
Company facility is next to a river and is in the flood plain. Security Guard desk at the main entrance is staffed Monday-Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM. Main entrance is locked when the Guard isnot on duty but allows employees to exit.
e equipment racks in the space do not have locks and neither does the equipment sparescabinet. Company has a room for the product test and evaluation, and it has a single door but it is accessed through the Engineering and Production room.
ssume the company Product floor is all Industrial Control System (ICS) components that is standalone withno computer network connections to the company information system under evaluation. There is a door between the Engineering and Production space and the Productionfloor. It has a key lock but no one really uses it (and they can’t find the key) and there is no other physicalevaluation for this challenge.
locations to include the Archive and Archive Backup locations. All IT staff are assigned the SA rolefielding, and sustainment. The EP role has access to all the engineering and production data for all thecompany projects. The TE roleinformation, and test data. The CMgmt role has “owner” privileges to all company sensitiveinformation.
The following subsections describe the company information system details. Part of the company cyber resiliencyassessment could also include physical security, personnel training and level of experience.
Each server will have a bulk data Storage Area Network (SANS) location. It will also allow for easierSupply with a power conditioner that will provide emergency power backup.
facility powerinterruption. System Administrator will also perform user account management from the Boundary Defense and System. Each user has the appropriate roles assigned  at  least  monthly  per the  company  cybersecurity  policy and procedures.
Contracts, project managers, personnel managers, company vice president, and company president).[Table 18]Table 18:Intel Xeon processors with up to 40 cores per processor)[Table 19]Table 19:Qty. 22008 SP2SAN 1SAN 2SAN 3[Table 20]Table 20:Network (SAN) units.
Laptops are used to allow for testing of the product items on the Test Lab table as well as on the production floor and in the field. The company does not have any kind of asset control process.
vel Case (Hard Shell, ExteriorDimensions: 19.38” W x 14.5” D x 9.75” H) Cord, various computer network cable types, cable adapters, etc.)14[Table 26]Table 26:The  company  information  system provides  fifteen functions that the product engineering and production,  testwithin this example are listed below. Challenge participants may derive their own criticality scale and weightingvalues.
y functions are degraded or denied for an extended period of time.  Work arounds are defined to continue company operations when Medium criticality functions are disrupted. Low criticality function disruption is considered a nuisance if it will not impact productdevelopment, test, production, and fielding in any way.
[Table 29]Table 29:Function NumberEngineering & Production SAN \nX   X  X \n XArchive 1Engineering& Production SAN   nX  X X X x X XTest SAN Archive    x X x  X -- X X --  X ---- X -- -- ---- -------- --- -- -- - -- ----- -- ------ ---- - --------- --- ----- --- - ------- ----- --- ---  ---------.----- -- - --- ---- -Â ---.------------ --- --- -----
that all computer Ports, Protocols, and Services (PPS) needed to exploit each listed vulnerability are enabled on the endpoint and network devices. Also assume3.x calculator value should be used for this exercise. Below are the links to the  MITRE and NIST websites.
details known tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) An example list of possibly applicable APTs is provided below. The APTs selected do not represent specific areas of concern, and no specific interest in the SUE is expected.
Windigo- Windigo, Group G0124 | MITRE ATT&CK® is a company that provides cloud-based services. The company's office space includes various rooms and areas. Each section contains specific furniture and equipment like servers and workstations.
The image depicts a bulk data storage rack. It consists of various components, each labeled with its function or type. Each component is visually represented with a gray metallic box, and the labels are written in blac.
k text on the front of these boxes. There is also k.k text written on the back of the boxes. For example, there is a box with the word "k.k" written in the middle of it.
