Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren DivisionFiscal Year 2024 University Challenge15 January 2024Prepared by:Naval. Surface. Warfare Center, Dahlgren. DivisionA DepartmentDahlgren, Virginia 22448.
 MRZTech customers are extremely satisfied with theareas: (a) Engineering and Production management, (b) Test Engineering, (c) Production floor (not part of this)
Company has a room for the Engineering and Production staff and it has a single entrance door but there is notdoor lock or any other physical access control mechanism. Company Management offices are comprised of a suite of rooms that are accessed from a single door.
The EP role also has access to all the engineering and production data for all thecompany projects. Assume the company Product floor is all Industrial Control System (ICS) components that is standalone with the EP role.
The company facility will have a Boundary Defense and System Administration RackSupply with a power conditioner that will provide emergency power backup. The assessment could also include physical security, personnel training and level of experience.
event of the primary archive failure. The SANS storage on the rack includes:a.c.e.f. The laptops will use a direct attached bulk storage tower when testing on the server.
within this example are listed below but challenge participants may derive their own criticality scale and weightingvalues. There are also contractual and safety reasons for having to maintain all High criticality functions. F7 is assessed as Medium criticality in Table 3.3-1 while function F11 is assessment as Low criticality.
3.x calculator value should be used for this exercise. Below are the links to the MITRE and NIST websites. The challenge participants may add additional.
CVD-2015-7833; (NVD Score: 4.9)SP2Engineering & ProductionSAN 1CVD.-2010-0727; ( NVD. Score: 3.8)SP1Engineering and ProductionSAN 2CVB-2010.-0728; ( n.d. 4.7)SP3Engineering. & Production.
le Advanced Persistent Threats (APTs)APTs is not exhaustive. The APTs selected do not represent specific areas of concern. The initial demonstration run may also include adding or removing an APT.
The diagram also includes a note at the bottom explaining that the company mail and web services are on the Virtualization Manager Server inside the information system perimeter. There is no Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) implemented between the Internet and the Boundary Firewall.
